c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.exe.config
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.exe
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.pdb
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.g.resources
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.exe
c:\users\prashant\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.pdb
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.exe.config
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.application
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.exe
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\bin\Debug\MyDiary.pdb
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.g.resources
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.application
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.exe
C:\Users\Prashant_Singh\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MyDiary\MyDiary\obj\Debug\MyDiary.pdb
